1. "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."- Arthur C. Clarke

2. "A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for."- Grace Hopper

3. "The imposter syndrome is real. Luckily, it goes away."- Kimber Lockhart
 
4. "Know how to learn. Then, want to learn."- Katherine Johnson

5. "Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window." - Steve Wozniak

6. "When in doubt, use brute force." - Ken Thompson 

7. "Once a new technology starts rolling, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the road."- Stewart Brand

8. "The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." - Alan Kay

9. "Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming. Feedback is the treatment." - Kent Beck 

10. "The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." - Grady Booch

11. "I'm not a great programmer. I'm just a good programmer with great habits." ― Kent Beck

12. "Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen."- Edward V Berard

13. "Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter."- Eric S. Raymond

14. "Talk is cheap. Show me the code."- Linus Torvalds

15. "In God we trust. All others must bring data."- W. Edwards Demming

16. "In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they’re not."- Yoggi Berra

17. "You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families."- Jim McCarthy

18. "The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability."- Randall E. Stross

19. "People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones."- Donald Knuth

20. "Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris."- Larry Wall

