1. Coding like poetry should be short and concise. ― Santosh Kalwar

2. Software is like sex: it’s better when it’s free. – Linus Torvalds

3. Web development is difficult, only then it is fun to do. You just have to set your standards. If it were to be easy, would anyone do it? ― Olawale Daniel

4. Quality is a product of a conflict between programmers and testers. ― Yegor Bugayenk

5. Everybody should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. – Steve Jobs

6. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman

7. When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.  – Anonymous

8. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

9. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

10. There is always one more bug to fix.  – Ellen Ullman

11. If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. – Sam Redwine

12. Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code. – Dan Salomon

13. No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

14. Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth

15. Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

16. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House

17. First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. – John Johnson

18. Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. ― Rick Cook

19. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

20. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan