1. Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as
   well have been written by someone else. -Eagleson's Law

2. Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code is a violent 
   psychopath who knows where you live. -John F. Woods

3. If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the 
   process of putting them in. -Edsgar Dijkstra

4. Hello, World! is where every programmer’s heart breaks for the first time. 
   — Anonymous

5. Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. If you 
   write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart 
   enough to debug it. -Brian Kerninghan

6. The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming 
   language. -Alan Kay

7. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. -Cory House

8. It’s not a bug—it’s an undocumented feature. -Anonymous

9. First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. -John Johnson

10. One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job. -Jessica Gaston

11. The most important skill for a programmer is the ability to effectively 
    communicate ideas. -Gayle Laakmaan McDowell

12. Programming is understanding. -Kristen Nygaard

13. Programming isn't about what you know but what you can figure out. -Chris Pine

14. The function of good software is to make the complex appear simple. -Grady 
    Booch  

15. There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and 
    those who don’t. -Classic Nerd Joke

16. Software and cathedrals are much the same—first we build them, then we pray. 
    -Anonymous

17. If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. 
    -Albert Einstein

18. Good code is its own best documentation. When you’re about to add a comment, 
    ask yourself, ‘How can I improve the code so this comment isn’t needed?’ 
    -Steve McConnell

19. You’re not a real programmer until you end a marriage over a text editor. 
    -Anonymous

20. The best error message is the one that never shows up. -Thomas Fuchs