1.Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out.” – Chris Pine, Learn to Program

2.Code is read much more often than it is written.” – Guido Van Rossum, creator of Python

3.You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity.” – John Romero, video game developer and programmer

4.Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it.” – Patrick McKenzie, software engineer

5.Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.” – Cory House, React and JavaScript specialist

6.Learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that I think is helpful in all domains.” – Bill Gates, Microsoft co-founder

7.Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.” – Martin Fowler, Refactoring

8.Don’t comment bad code – rewrite it – Brian Kernighan

9.A programming language is for thinking about programs, not for expressing programs you’ve already thought of. It should be a pencil, not a pen – Paul Graham

10.Debugging becomes significantly easier if you first admit that you are the problem – William Laeder

11.Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight – Bill Gates

12.Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live – Rick Osborne

13.The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late – Seymour Cray

14.Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something, you can put beauty into it.“ – Donald Knuth

15.A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.“ – Doug Linder

16.You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity.“ – John Romero

17.In software, the most beautiful code, the most beautiful functions, and the most beautiful programs are sometimes not there at all.“ – Jon Bentley

18.There are 10 types of people in this world, those who understand binary and those who don’t.“ – Anonymous

19.A code is like love, it has created with clear intentions at the beginning, but it can get complicated.“ – Gerry Geek

20.Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.“ – (Eagleson’s Law)
 