1. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - Martin Fowler
2. "First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson
3. "The only way to go fast, is to go well." - Bob Martin
4. "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." - Bill Gates
5. "Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." - Brian Kernighan
6. "Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out." - Chris Pine
7. "The best programmers are not marginally better than mediocre ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability." - Randall E. Stross
8. "In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve." - Paul Graham
9. "The most disastrous thing that you can ever do in software engineering is to design something and build it before you understand what it is that you're supposed to be doing." - Dave Parnas
10. "If you don't understand the problem, you can't solve it." - Algorithms to Live By
11. "The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." - Bill Gates
12. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
13. "The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." - Dennis Ritchie
14. "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci
15. "Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." - Edward V. Berard
16. "The only way to go fast is to keep the design as simple and small as possible." - Richard P. Gabriel
17. "Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming." - Brian Kernighan
18. "The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user." - C.A.R. Hoare
19. "To iterate is human, to recurse divine." - Lisp saying
20. "Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If