1. Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. – Ellen Ullman
2. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ― Martin Fowler
3. Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde
4. Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth
5. Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans
6. No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray
7. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan
8. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck
9. Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds
10. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman
11. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero
12. Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out. – Chris Pine
13. Code is read much more often than it is written. – Guido Van Rossum
14. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero
15. Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it. – Patrick McKenzie
16. The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don’t have to write makes you a great one. – Mario Fusco
17. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House
18. The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be. – Ada Lovelace
19. In the beginner’s mind, there are many possibilities; in the expert’s mind, there are few. – Shunryu Suzuki
20. The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. – Grady Booch